HEAVYDRINKING = "Avoid if you have been drinking a lot of alcohol recently."
                "Your body processes alcohol in a similar way to this medicine. Taking this medicine if you have been drinking"
                excessively in the past few days (3+ standard drinks a day) can cause damage to your liver.

LIVER = "Can be harmful to your Liver."
        "If you have problems with your Liver, make sure to check with your Doctor or Pharmacist
         before taking this medicine."

RENAL = "Can be harmful to your Kidneys."
        "If you have problems with your Kidneys, make sure to check with your Doctor or Pharmacist
        before taking this medicine."

PAIN = "Keep track of when you take this medicine."
       "Before taking each dose, make sure you have waited the correct amount of time since taking your last dose.
        Taking your next dose too quickly can cause side effects and sometimes even permanent damage. Leaving too much
        time in between taking doses can man that the medicine might not work properly."

BREASTFEEDING_SAFE = "You can safely take this medication while breastfeeding."
                    "You can continue breastfeeding while using this medication, but always consult with your healthcare provider for personalized advice."

BREASTFEEDING_UNSAFE = "Avoid using this medication while breastfeeding."
                        "This medicine can pass into breast milk and may harm your baby.
                        Speak with your healthcare provider to explore alternative options that are safe for breastfeeding."

PREGNANCY_SAFE = "This medication is considered safe to use during pregnancy."
                  "You can take this medication at any stage of pregnancy without worrying about any negative effects on your baby's development."

PREGNANCY_UNSAFE = "Avoid taking this medication during pregnancy."
                    "There is a risk that this medication could harm your baby's development if taken during pregnancy.
                    Avoid using this medication if you are pregnant or planning to become pregnant.
                    Speak with your healthcare provider to explore alternative options that are safe for pregnancy."

PREGNANCY_CAUTION_WITH_CONSULTATION = "Caution is when considering the use of this medication during pregnancy, as its safety may vary depending on the trimester."
                                        "Please consult your healthcare provider before taking this medication, particularly if you are in the first or third trimester."
                                        "Your healthcare provider can assess the potential risks and benefits based on the specific trimester and provide guidance tailored to your individual circumstances."

CAL1 = "This medicine may make you sleepy and make it dangerous to drive or operate machinery."
        "Limit alcohol intake. Check if this medicine makes you drowsy / sleepy before operating machinery or driving.";

CAL2 = "Interacts with Alcohol"
        "Do not drink alcohol while being treated with this medicine.";

CAL3 = "This medicine works best on an empty stomach."
        "Take each dose on an empty stomach - one hour before OR two hours after food.";

FOOD = "Best taken with food."
        "Taking each dose with food will help prevent an upset stomach.";

CAL4 = "Interacts with Antacids."
        "Do not take indigestion / heartburn remedies, iron or calcium preparations
        within two hours of taking this medicine.";

CAL5 = "Take this medicine until it is finished."
        "It is important to finish the course of this medicine so that your infection is treated and does
        not come back. This also helps to slow microbial resistance to these kinds of medicines, ensuring
        that they will continue to work for other patients in the future.";

CAL6 = "Must be kept in the Fridge."
        "Keep this medicine in the fridge, do not freeze it - this will damage the
        medicine and cause it not to work properly. This means between 2ยบ and 8ยบC.";

CAL7 = "Do not use if expired."
        "Some medicines have a short shelf-life, make sure to check it is still within date.";

CAL8 = "This medicine can cause you to get sunburnt more quickly."
        "Protect yourself from too much natural or artificial sunlight while being treated with this medicine.
        This includes sunbeds.";

CAL9 = "Do not stop taking this medicine."
        "Immediately stopping taking this medicine can cause a withdrawal reaction.
        This reaction can make your condition worse and potentially cause other side effects.
        Talk to your Doctor or Pharmacist before stopping so they can help you make a plan to do it safely.";

CAL10 = "Take each dose with a large glass of water."
        "This medicine can cause side effects if it gets stuck in your throat. Taking this medicine
        with a large glass of water while standing up will help prevent this.";

CAL11 = "Do not eat anything containing grapefruit or grapefruit juice."
        "Eating or drinking products that contain regular or pink grapefruit can make this medicine stop
        working.";

CAL13 = "For external use only."
        "This medicine is not to be eaten. Refer to the personal instructions on the label for how to apply it.";

CAL14 = "Shake the bottle before each dose."
        "Shaking the bottle helps ensure that the medicine is mixed properly so that you get the correct dose.";

WHOLE = "Swallow whole, do not crush or chew."
        "This medicine has a special coating, which helps it work. Crushing or chewing can cause this medicine to
        not work properly and might cause side effects.";

